1 What Copilot generated?
The functions that came from Copilot's suggestions are find_column() and handle_invalid_date(). For the first one, I have not prompted, and it suggests to me to use it at first after I write the comment: "Find the likely product, category, and quantity by name fragments". For the second function, I have prompted that creating a function that fills the missing dates or invalid dates by taking a specific value.
2 What you modified?
There are some changes that I have made to Copilot's code. One of them is shortening them since I found that Copilot's code often suggested long code. I realized that some codes do not require so lengthy code. Another change I made is changing the Copilot's suggestions. When I did not create the function to handle invalid and missing dates, it still made an invalid row appear. Then I changed my strategy to create a new function, and it worked.
3 What you learned?
I think that data cleaning is not an easy task. I believe that when I practice the real-world data, it would be a more complicated task since the data would be in thousands or millions of rows and columns. Copilot, with its code suggestions, helps transform ideas into code. It also helps explain the code from its suggestions, which is beneficial for beginners to programming. Although Copilot might not be good at code fixing, as it is sometimes stuck with the code that it creates, it is still a useful tool that programmers can use. After all, Copilot is a tool, and as programmers, we need to know and find errors produced by Copilot to optimize our work.

